holla holla holla YouTube it's your boy
e majestic shots here today what up and
how you guys doing today cuz you know i
am doing just amazing right now you guys
well let's just say i'm going to be
bringing you something very special
today very very special might be my best
gameplay ever that would be bringing you
though it isn't infected just I'm just
going to save it to the end even though
you guys kind of probably do already
know what it is because let's just say
the title tells it all because of a
infected Moab maybe if you were retarded
you would have known that or you're five
but either way I love you probably not
smart people and those side roads
because well let's just say I'm happy
right now to get that Moab so let me
just talk about my game play a little
bit before we get into the killing spree
so basically my strategy for infected
dome time 95 or whatever again I'm going
to be using a dome is I'm gonna be
camping up the top till I get my my lab
this is just my first Moab ever so this
is why i'm posting it's not not even too
good I haven't got any other ones i came
really close like kind of times running
around this this one just happened to be
camping which is my first Moab but i'll
definitely be bringing up more Moab's so
and also i don't get to call it in but i
do get the moab it appears on the screen
24 and one is what i believe i go does
it get hit by the random throw a knife
right as i get the moab kind of
disappointing but i also get them all
with like five seconds left in the game
which is pretty clutch if you ask me but
you know that's that's life right there
you're not always going to get the best
but i will bring you more and moab
gameplays of infected where i'm running
around and getting moab
but I've been mainly just doing gb like
our gb team won like three matches or
something it's just awesome as you guys
probably know from other commentary
about gb ide no need to go into all that
but so again talk about my strategies
mainly i'm just going to be lying right
here this spot is the best that you
won't get hit by random throwing knife
this is what is just because i see if
you're lying out in the middle where
this kid up top of me it's just not the
smartest in the world where to say that
and when the game is lagging he's going
to get hit by for a night soon as is
most people but i find this spot is the
best it's the second best spot where i
get my Moab is the best spot to go but
this is the second best spot to watch
this side and I'm just gonna be sitting
here watching this side mainly this
guy's taking all my kills and he's going
to die soon I just he was really a pain
he tried like block me and no one even
likes this kid I didn't even like him
he's just a completely random he doesn't
know how to play the game there he dies
and I'm gonna go scavenges back and
right now i'm i'm like five kills i'm
like i'm probably not going to get a
MOAB almost out of ammo and then i
scavenged him and then i noticed oh yeah
so about my playing so i'm camping this
side because i know that i see a ton of
green dots on the side behind me on the
other side so i know that there's no why
would I go over there when there's less
chance and I'm just going to let those
kids died off before going over there
because everyone tries to go to that
corner and I feel that it's rare that
people even try to run over here but
it's more safer because no one if people
don't run over here then I have a higher
chance of surviving till the end and now
as you can see the survivors are getting
killed and I'm actually kind of
panicking now because i'm at like seven
and i realize if i have a good spot and
right there when i realized all right
it's time to go everyone's dead and it's
just me and this other kid and this kid
held it off to I don't know I've heard
he might have gotten him over and died
too but not sure but then so you ran Lee
just gonna be seeing me sitting here and
getting the gonna pick up the mode
pretty soon again guys it's not any
special gameplay mean I did go 24 1
which is pretty hard to do this again
that's my first ever Moab so I'm just so
happy and see I didn't even I wasn't
even paying attention to the clock but
i'm at about 12 kills right here i'm
just trying to stay alive I'm always
watching the mini-map in case that guy
dies I mean making sure I'm not prone
blocking his they somehow get up and I
can run away and I didn't even know
there's 30 seconds left at this point I
was just too I was shaking I was
sweating I don't even know what I was
doing I was probably pooping my pants
too I was about to cry who knows I was
like telling my friends in the lobby
guys I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do it I'm
gonna get a gonna get the Moab I'm gonna
get it and they're all just like shut up
will know you're not your tarded they
were helping me out pretty much a lot i
guess the i guess that kind of did in a
way help me stay calm and then I get it
and I'm like whoa uh moab moab moab moab
ooh i like going crazy and I'm like guys
I did it I got the mob guys I got them
up in the lobby I got the Moab guys I
did it I did I screaming I'm get the
Moab and everyone my party is just
saying shut up will because you know
that's how they are just they did
probably didn't even think I did it it
was really late at night and I was just
like oh my god I did it but yeah so
there we go guys 24 and one first ever
Moab I'm going to be bringing a lot more
of those commentaries I'm out
arrivederci